the city of briefs on Marajó Island in Pará 19 hours to my left that the
Fabiano interpreter of pounds here my side here our Admiral Bento
Albuquerque Minister of Mines and Energy and here Pedro Guimarães
president of Caixa Econômica Federal what we are doing here in the distant
Marajó and we are here sister mission has more
federal deputies with me here is Faria representing the squad
a Cerebral Telebras It is also that deputies Marcelo Álvaro Antônio do
Tourism will have tourism here but what time are you doing tourism here today
hahaha and me Bruna Bianca who will deputy
but here after work, the retired people here have people
do it here, you see a lot of people so use our Zinho here at Caixa
Even the old army ship was worth it, it was also ok
Éder Mauro we also have Joaquim passarinho and
Senator Zequinha Marinho and I will start our chat here
people will be a little quick there will be time for Jovem Pan reverberates vo o
that we see here talking about, I’m going to touch on the subject of
I finished with the car wash the impressive hypocrisy of many people right and great
part of the Press for my government has no passion fruit we don't have a news and
corruption so for us the car wash has no purpose thank god now
all other organs of Brazil in some states some municipalities will
continue function normally yesterday same time we're going to car wash operation almost
daily we have car wash operation invite you or started yet did ok leave
with my gosh already received three visits from the police channel this week's was on
Petrobras stuck inside more of things that will occur until the 2015 response then
people say that I’m finishing the car wash say this is the uninformed
are in bad faith or have elbow pain 1 year and 10 months without corruption in our
correct and the guy says obligation I know that obligation Okay but the past you don't
had that in something else Go up car wash
now past he's my past the boards right it's all a joke to the
political party So it's obvious that you had a problem Do you have a director
appointed by someone else's imposition when I reached the top 120
160 executives were changed in the 22 directors unless they are still there too
so the car wash is understood or I want to end the clothes I already finished with the
car wash this is for people too As I said you can’t keep up with a
reasoning a figure of speech Until we use it we are not in good faith but
alright so I’m very proud to say that it’s in front of you recognized
with 23 minutes where no suspicion of corruption has so far hovered over
we will see if it can happen despite your huge man ministry So
what is the origin of all the biggest scandals that the country
I've had in the last few years, I'm just taking it, it was all surrounded I remember a lot
well because Eletrobras Eletrobras Petri federal and state banks thank god
it's going very well hello uh and wait fast here i talked to
week that the player Fernando of the Brazilian National Team was in Russia
and now he's playing in China okay, there's a problem with the Robson case I was seeing
on the internet the repercussion called Felipe Melo from Palmeiras sells Henrique
for Nilson there she today our chancellor I will have to be
Ernesto has already taken Providência, he is starting the ambassador of
Russia and we are is not accompanied no we started to follow the case and
see what steps we can take and if necessary we respectfully stop at
contact President Vladimir Putin there to seek solution to the case what that
is this Crato who is Robson will be motorized
and there is a person employed there by the player Fernando who was there in Russia who
brought some sealed bags from Brazil the danger of you get badly sealed in
confidence to hand over to the father-in-law Fernando Tá e Alfândega opened the
little medicine remedy medicine in Brazil sold under prescription but that for
Russia she is numbing so it's a year and a half product stuck I talked to
Fernando he thought testimony speaks learn your medical prescription did everything
what he has to do but a detail When he was arrested the first day he was
set free Because every mutation was presented up to 30 days later it was
called to testify again here he was arrested a year and a half ago so let
of course here leaves a lot of people offending the player Fernando I talked to him
took the steps wow we see some think it's
And out there like here in Brazil here the guy is arrested but I’ve seen him with 8 Kg
of cocaine at the airport in Custody hearing he goes to Rua 8 Kg de
cocaine out there woman although our understanding there was a flaw like that
Robson there but he but I didn't have anything, I had my suitcase closed
in good faith and ended up happening No problem and unfortunately taking it in half
so we want I can days have a concrete say that we can do at
SUS in is complicated right you already took some
hurt when the colleague has to know if he's taking a lot of people does it
sometimes it's relative's beach it's not very close stay tuned i just left the
Brazil is connected ok well Jovem Pan is following the program picked up the glass
I would like to thank you there for the Tempo nos Victor Victor Program if you use Ana Paula
of the volleyball And Zé Maria Thank you there is a collection of candidacy right as
I said I do not intend to enter the dental home of the current mayor
from Brazil except in some exceptions filament there for example that people
they were with me and then they thought they were going to be enemies and now I nominate
mayor who takes me to the photograph from above is amazing what time i don't
I know the candidate there from Pacatuba, one from Pacatuba Ceará, but here is the
right is a citizen who broke with us and now campaigns for his
present that may even be a good candidate I don’t know Ok but it’s a lot it’s
a lot of hard faces go down inside this federal deputy here he’s Freire ok
make a little picture for your candidate using my photo there
moment he is broken with me right For reasons I don't know which ones are okay
Hello Good luck the candidate who is a good person otherwise it's not worth it
this was has some carry around Brazil I will not mention names here in
consideration and the radio Jovem Pan when it misses on two Thursdays to
the elections of that in Boa Vista Jovem par is that I will campaign for some
candidates from Brazil from Jovem Pan obviously not to publicize this
name is says he will not accompany us to Live Okay okay in São Paulo pastor
don't know that I have to São Paulo and Santos too and Belo Horizonte also the
boy he until tonight he chubby I apologize right but having more
chubby chubby candidate there smart young man has everything to go right in
Fortaleza has a cellular grass ok if God wants it will work already in the
ahead and Manaus we have an army colonel and there and Mato Grosso do Sul has
one thing idea is better and Mato Grosso one thing right we have an election of
single for the Senate and I'm supporting a candidate for the
What is a woman wisely candidate a woman is from the military police is evangelical
and I'm sure she has a good chance to get to the other side a little bit
it's already very divided it's very accounts we have another good candidate in Mato
Thick but it's so dividing from I believe that understanding at twenty percent
of the votes he's seeing a little bit even he wins this thing I will stay
here with this vision name here I will stay with As I was already talking there
back with her back there with her with this candidate there’s a colonel Milk
of the Military Police
in São Paulo in two of the councilwoman I recorded with her she is also a little serious
Because I know she wonders if I'm going to record for the good people that come
as a candidate to see the candidate for councilor for Brazil I simply
would record all day right and the election for councilor of something very quiet
even everybody knows that person in the city dude you get here we
we are here for her you can be sure must have must have here the 200 in the
table 2 and everyone knows so little, we will campaign for him to
time AND we always appeal to people, right, voting is a
This is a manifestation of your democracy that you have to think about
a lot to put in It can't go wrong so we've already made a lot of mistakes after a while I think
which is good with me okay it's not a problem not if I don't see the candidate
in 22 comes ahead you will be just that I don't think I have there
Haddad has no post Alckmin has a film that goes to Marina help there is a
heap of candidate is personal to choose from 22 Okay
and not to mention Rio de Janeiro, there is also a candidate to see the councilor already gave
this one must know who was the continuant in here you bless okay
here today with us here you will talk about what root light today for Amazon
several Amazonas is so first to say of my joy of being here at your
hahaha side and on the Brazilian Navy ship this is it right
the auxiliary ship Pará did not see if it is for one of the big ships that operate here in
Amazon the ships there Navy hospitals this one came in here too
pays for this type of service Logistic service in a very supportive way
great for the entire Amazon region not only here for the State of Pará but it is a
very great satisfaction After two years of returning to aboard a ship of the
Brazilian Navy alongside the President of the Republic this is priceless
or less my colleagues in ministry also my dear minister Damares
Marcelo, owner of the voice, is the queen of Fábio Faria and
it's just appearance called home now here opens the pantry to guarantee a spot haha
goes but President the furthest to Amazon program I'm launched on
February 5th and we were operationalized operationalized in
six and a half months and now you have come here to deliver this here we will
serve 42 thousand people almost 11 thousand families that use diesel generator for
to have some energy we're going to have now not only quality energy for
these people but from renewable sources will be solar panels that will be
installed by the Equatorial distributor that the distributor in the region is the
electricity company and this President program are more than 3
billion reais that will serve 350 thousand families
on the street of the Legal Amazon so we are starting here among
hundreds of actions that is also in the other great program that I embrace Marajó
conducted by our dear minister Damares so that's it for the
Internet user here my Facebook my Roger Rodrigues Pinheiro asked if it was going to happen
a live here soon because the signal is very bad, it's going on and tomorrow this
people living here among other things wi-fi in the square right also 46 locations
a text over the internet some locations here just for curiosity right
the weird ones here are very familiar right Mainardi camera
Marajó Retiro grande Pilar São Miguel de pracuúba Johannes a TV 84 schools 7
thousand inhabitants so it is another program that is being launched tomorrow monday
Damares is and is a set is a lot of deliveries to
mother that involves a lot of ministry and the resources of make a billion reais I think
that has never been invested so much here in the Ilha do Marajó Ok region within
a good thing president regarding light energy this week i've been from
Northeast of Goiás for the first time I heard that the government minister went there
is not to move in what any government and we went to deliver the light to
400 president families who are rural settlers in the Northeast and Goiás
flor de Goiás went there with Governor Ronaldo Caiado and sleep imagines what
what that means for these people is dignity and citizenship is are new
opportunities that have arisen there for the once in a while our Minister
head over there but it is for resources to better serve the population
and don't have a fight for resources to attend to personal projects that you want
you in France, that’s it, you’re going to have some minor years
Maybe the smallest the next year will be even smaller but we are
doing what we can do and we warn you know this is complete work has
Governor's work the spotlights back five percent will be completed and if
you do not finish here will end up deteriorating and feet all that
complete mass ownership works from previous governments have no
demerit in that is not seeing everyone and we make it very clear that the works are not
but I do not want to invent a new Work now to be a brand of mine and
bury the little we have of environmental resources and stop completing works
so important that there is very little to be able to serve the population like the
president we are doing this with all governments with all
governors no matter what political party we are doing the deliveries and
taking these services that are essential to
the population Pedro I don’t know that I present at Caixa Econômica Federal is
you have a boat agency here next to what you have to offer
population with this CEF agency of this boat from you here next to mine
in front of Caixa there are two boats that serve the whole year there are ten
communities here in Marajó and 12 communities in Amazonas only
buildings 6 months ago we opened an agency So today the boat is here and
forty percent of the inhabitants of Marajó Island receive the aid of
Initial and Tomorrow you will take care of the boat of a Security
Social I will be helping you I don’t know if we will actually see help
of a third person but it will be important because we ended up
to reach and it is very clear the impact of the population
it's really been a very exciting 65 million people served 67.7 and we
we are paying 90 million people every month because we still have 60
million from FGTS and 10 million from Bruno's big time program none other
country in the world did that and no bank in the world was then five installments of 600 of the
Peace and Four of 300 Until the end of the year it will be until December and what can happen is that
who and can receive two or three installments
now the family allowance is 19 million people all receive us forever
he had a lot of women, you know, with kids, they got twice that amount so
an average average close to 5,000 reais from close to $ 1000 when I give a speech
to Rome i said close to $ 1000 answer even what television was a
person was not the one who hit me that I was lying nothing to do the
dollar a month was someone who spoke there Aline then because I spoke in dollar
because you are saying that the world I am not talking to Brazil is for the world and the
people in bad faith took it saying that I was lying inside it's paying a thousand
doses per month but that's ok Even for that we put 40 million
People who cultivate Brazilians is a revolution that promises because here the
the north region is seven states without ceasing we are the north region is the Northeast
the Northeast the State name so today October is pain goat plague day that's it
is mine is your Favorite you want to end the party in Rio Grande do Norte
Nordestino I am not a poet will not be able to quickly here I am from a land
that the people suffer but never fade and try to overcome the Golden Land that
appeals to the mouth laughing in the mouth mocking suffering I don't deny my blood I don't deny mine
name look for hunger and ask what's up i'm brazilian son of the northeast
I'm a goat from the plague I'm from Ceará Patativa de Assaré congratulations to all of us
let's leave Brazil say come here come here come here Fabi here look
the whole red since everyone's rhyme at home is
the foot is in bed every week for TCU Jorge Oliveira works with me over ten
years worked right he goes to the Federal Court of Auditors the origin
him Military Police of the Federal District a well-known lawyer from Brasilia is a
name that had wide acceptance in the federal court of auditors until he is
that he had only indicated to the Supreme Court already has some scolding you see
we have approximately 10 hours arrived for me if you all take
knowledge right indicated for the Supreme go the names but I have to compose ok
her name prepares there i'm ok i'm ok and everyone i'm a candidate
dreams is everybody inside relationships no and now sometimes ours sometimes this
candidate a dream has will have difficulty to be approved will have a
friction here over there and whoever puts supreme God is not me who who can
sovereign is the scenario you swim, you’re not look, if you didn’t have the problem
lunch like this because of the problem with us because here there are eight there people went to
in a wave, even rage, right, I live in the Supreme Court or there is no going back and 22
Supreme you will have the admitted problem your Matthew is right I don't know if you
candidates has a lot going on if i get a chance to play in the
mischievous sometimes I was ill I'm not just keep hitting under there
who does not know the car that Cássio is right He is love this was based on what
pale guy of course the button that was a stock exchange there
there middle of left I gave Minas racism could be there that
worked with Dilma our defense table that place that didn't have to be there
also because I was 5 - working with Dias Toffoli
and you were provided by whoever fights will also come out now and then you
works from the past 14pt here what position it occupies in the box in that 10 14 1
(Laughter) and yeah, we get it too when you
took over the presidency has the next one we have a more than 20 thousand case started
despite the cuts they made and raised up to a few thousand affiliated
to PT many times many ideas in 12 is 2010 2500 per month it is clear that this
in case they wanted to put it back there, it's imposed by his boss, PT, okay, me
I will come to admit this guy just because he did it ok And some of them too
has been working past the PT stoppage at home works with a problem, right
because the race is like that you can name a
heap of people who worked Now let's take the case he is PT because
he was excluded a list Triple is just look at this criticism if not losing the
chance to hit email and see the readers that i brought nothing but
director of see there it has that I am indicating that in the PC of the B it has faculty
I'm recommending the guy from PSOL, the university that belongs to the PT, I'm
indicating just get ahead meeting now let's go to the list Trio Para
me there see there are three of the PSOL PSOL affiliation and he put it by the militancy in the
sometimes people are not from PT or PC from B PSOL the same bad there is from people
example you want me to do what going on there you want me to do what you say so what
took in fashion again the thing all employer is also put tourist who
understand here cold list somebody gets there will get to me end of the year
starting to want a Triple list for the STJ this list will be made by the OAB
Hi my well here is going to make the list presents are any name look alike
that I choose you guys will hit put the PT in the STJ put reasoning one
little bit put Want to beat and give me will give for the reason just example of
Argentina Max seregil in Argentina five years ago or speech similar to the
mine the same countries that managed to get free right at that moment of that
A group from the São Paulo forum there, Cristina Kirchner's class in Brazil
at that time it’s Dilma’s group ooo Chaves had already died I’m calling
she was a tough mature Okay, neither Marco nor he was able to do it too
wanted to had problems with has like like so did not tell me ah has a problem for
times is it you have problems who take it I put it has problem even if the other day
now day he's just done the bush beating him all day long beating him
accusing him of an abortion, even if it happened, the leftist of the
Cristina Kirchner know what is happening with Argentina
and he saw detail today in the company she has been speaking the truth in France right
there Fernandes President EA Cristina quiche I will now Damares legalize the
retinal abortion giving Mack so much beating called everything is ok
there Argentine people I’m sorry I can’t deserve it now if there’s someone better than
that I have around this guy has to show up there are thousands of people
better than me that you also feel the best people now have to
appear because you have the courage to put on an erection do the campaign like I did, right
Without resources with nothing is believing the people believe me now some times
then it’s not gonna see the work of the corner against only the days here in masses
our repetition is people on the right even the dumb right is a kid
stinking right crying still in diaper she has diaper even though
I didn’t enter I participated in the armed struggle in 70 there in Vale do Ribeira do
side of the Brazilian army make it clear your father was not even born
I still know this class of the left Since the time of your father you will not
to do anything I ask now if it gave me the right to criticize with low a
well done criticism congratulations on lowering the collection of Cássio also look
just talking home he went back to battisti to stay in Brazil it could be that
Italian terrorist, who fled to Franco Franco, you went to France and
then he fled here he put to Brazil it was Pedro in two they only think in 2009
Federal Supreme Court said 6-3 that it was the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Power of the Republic to grant or not grant asylum for baptism on the last day of
his term of office december 2010 Mr Lula granted asylum granted
asylum saw the asylum are going to leave. It’s over, it’s over there in front of 2016, the gang of
Cássio not Judge Cássio in a lawsuit decided what in other words
here in the competition more he talk about battisti was saying ago mouth
only battisti voted the best Cássio voted for the patient Marcelo Brasil to
intelligence for whom TK poxa is sad treated in this way is people other the
Cassio is disarmament yours Look at my God breakfast news history
it was more or less following the farmer was robbed and then he wants to
Feder police and the PF took there is there was not a
confirmation there was no proven effective need I will not enter the
merit he was upset went to court use killer case he would have decided
which is not up to me from May Alfa and I think of Brazil by Dilma 30 thousand
people went on so everyone will have the right to seek justice can weapon
contains 1 million end of the year ok and the police are in charge of the pot
federal is not Jesus this now because of that Cassio is since the Amethyst detail
the coffee here is a sniper collector at home is still not exactly that whack
on top of him there he is a friend of PT’s is not Caio coppola not coming is yours
damn Michael over there the same criticism by general Fernanda defense please the
the same criticism for Captain Tarcísio is Bruno is also here the same criticism
for him the finger was promoted by the PT also the same clinic
And now what the old saying goes, right, until the age of 30, he was not a PT member, right?
left has no heart who after 30 is still left has no brain
people change in 99 so these people hit him supported Hugo Chávez É
true and when pool elite99 I found a
wonderful thing not colleague when the army for believes did its
campaign I thought Beira was afterwards [ __ ] I became an opponent of him started to
position of the mature government now I didn't know he was going to get in that line the
Hugo Chávez even here and took one of the richest countries in oil and gold
misery misery and in the now has powerful countries today has not
democracy taken over the country is And another thing does not bear fruit is
and fired you also the research I'm full of oil on my side here I
I left my side here the heavy one that Pedro will have tomorrow on
reforestation wants to make the box tomorrow two days ago from the Ministry of
Agriculture is an initiative that calls Caixa re Floresta to 10 million already at the
over five years are President weapons for the biomes of the five
regions north-northeast center-west south and southeast and tomorrow
starts the first plant, 10 million are with Caixa Econômica fund
Federal Government that already exists but that before it went to non-trivial initiatives so it is
the first this asset that we make in these two years with great pride then
linking 85 to that of our energy in Brazil is from Source
Clean hot lipo and renewable from Europe countries at first percent than average
the world is eighteen percent example come on
Hello Hello proverbs Pedro Tomorrow you will also be teaching how
witnesses a Nando pro of 9 thousand reais the box already has 20 billion reais of
financing for micro and small entrepreneurs the majority three percent to
year President before you the box had for two companies 20 million
in this government we have for 200 thousand companies that before two companies
received from the box and one did not pay and today 200 thousand companies that represent
three million jobs that difference the cashier bank all Brazilians the cashier
the bank of Seu Joaquim's bakery the bank the bank deposits but I don't know that
him using the newspaper O Estado de São Paulo I do it for São Paulo with pain in the
my first job was at Jornal Estado de São Paulo I was 15
years old Eldorado Paulista the bus arrived from São Paulo aviation Nove de
July around one o'clock in the afternoon and the newspaper was Monday is the best
Tuesday to Sunday Monday there was no João and I delivered bikes or newspapers there
right, he even collaborated with the São Paulo newspaper doing
crossword has about 20 to give the effect to the Jornal Estado de São Paulo
but today is São Paulo again she has the Globo sheet I have to say, right I
I was lost the ministry and if you are a side she f *** at
Google Translate understood Ministry right now your eye is still right fake today
News is São Paulo is to play to riot and to try to wear down the
Paulo Guedes, right, you were doing the things behind him, I know that not even
the eyes i'm going to recreate the Ministry of Labor industry if it starts to
matter according to sources from the presidency all the time so according to the advisor
second sources second second second echelon of the farm I all the time
so the stab and they even put the minister’s name doesn’t exist on our part in
moment no interest in recreated any Ministry last created was in the
would you do, hoping that Caixa Econômica the project of the box not that the project of the
central bank that has knows Ministry whether the central bank becomes
independent of Ivonete returns to have 22 Ministries then another fake News there
of the Brazilian press the state of São Paulo what is the time
for the government does not have to talk about government corruption that does ended
and we don't have a car wash for me, the car wash is over because we don't have anyone
if it will arrive now other places continue car wash Ok ok help
who wanted to create cars well you can create and asking for job creation
in Parliament, right? But that is not the intention, it is not a ball if you still want to
in good news the kids last year started to complain about the price of
games or chips etc and there was a step there for tax, right? And we
we managed to pass the grade of 50 to 40 percent Ok and now
kids returned to a burning heart I already talked to Paulo Guedes understood
the green light already talked to the Federal Revenue cough he will then in the year
past has gone from 50 to 40 the I live in an electronic games post and now it will
going from 40 I said to 30 you can complain it’s too much I don’t know it’s good
so take it easy, you can't take everything at once
good so if God wants next week we can we can have one we can have
good news about imposed and electronic games when something that gave you
since we are in Paraná President because I don’t talk about mining
I knew my father was given by and I had it in my car, right, I left
Military Academy of Agulhas Negras 77 a Brasilia and had the game of
bricklayer up to the car four tiles that is to mine diamond and slaughter my
dad has a toe root Ted he said it was better because it was more it wasn’t
so smooth right I don’t know and the other one was there at the bottom of the drums he liked to hit
with this with this type of material my friend was from brass era it was worth
Makes me a slave I never found a nugget there reasonable Makes me
and I was deserted Native then painted on television like gold in the see of health
Bahia asks Jacobina to take time off I took five more paratroopers right
new to do opening work there took a week but I found nothing
unfortunately the mining really for many an illusion and the famous half
dozen and at night right 4/2002 awake the heavy bar of the
president you launched the mining and mining program last week
development is a program that has a 10 meter timeline until 2023 and
more than 100 actions But the important President is that our mining a
mining in Brazil has now shown in the first eight months of the year its
potential we beat export record mostly iron ore only know
and we had here in Carajás, Pará, which is sustainable mining
we brought here the ambassadors of the European Union who got to know how we
we carry out mining and arrest and preserve the National Forest of
Carajás which is a beauty so this is what we are looking to do with
this new mining program is essential Pará has already surpassed Minas
In ore production And this is what we need to mine to generate
employment and income for our population by you took with video I took took the
at the time I was taking it because I was talking about being Dr Messias
not here yet not get this what is it?
and caught a virus, this catch is there, everyone here took Marcelo Antônio is
do you want to see the party was the first time that someone who really is
and it was very complicated for you to take your driver's license to renew it is also
very complicated and Tarcísio here the lot was 10 so the people who are
pilot ok Go to the structure's Ministry website, make sure you know how
I of How much our life has seen ok people will improve even more because of the reduction of
account of the registration document had you can transport it in a virtual way
your business there release of commercial flights at private airports I
used with this did not know it so private account can now fly
commercialization of the simplification of
manufacture import the registration in the saw I saw you didn't give it to me still exists right
you you you produce an Embraer airplane that here in Brazil doesn’t have
to take in your own country for getting patient was to come back here yes
it's true this is it looks like i don't know if i think it's grace blue almost 50
million direct by him with this operation so go if God wants Amen This will
always be that same Ribeiro Ribeiro also until a pilot here
inside the house yet You drive the car 190 No it's not let's jump jump you
have a jump right Come on in the lake January February Ok be careful here nowadays
and you don't need prior authorization to build an airport
and it is a very important thing here permission for commercial operations
amphibians is Pedro decided to imagine, right for the Amazon, I already said that I must
I paid for a mission already possible, right, oil helper to arrange a mission for us
then this year starting next to the region of Barcelos that land in
Barcelos and we want it over there is a floating hotel close to the
clock, you know, and there is a floating hotel that in that region I
I want to know and divulged with this new measure that you seaplanes tourism Vai
facilitate and special that he outside Brazil aggregate I want him to come to
here to walk in the Amazon to see that that train does not catch fire is a lie
that talks about the Amazon to me is an outright lie, a matter of looking but not
forget to look will call Pedro now got it you will
it’s about trees I already bought 10 million Elvis
that we can make our country in Europe so concerned that it is below
of the land, right, and there are people in Brazil who help to receive their false news
that helps sooner rather later, you know, increase the greed for the Amazon that
you don't even know it can happen in the future, you know, we might even lose this
region there it is well it is running out Cid smoking questions
question Facebook 28,000 YouTube 5,903 thousand pingo nos is Jovem Pan 62 more 10
72000 that he lost to Jovem Pan of lavender, thank goodness that it's not research
of IBOPE of this fabric, even though I say the opposite, right p **** it’s the opposite here
I was not talking at all Young Pan pingo us is and thank you accompany us here focus
in Brazil 6 thousand only here 110 thousand this believes that it arrives until we reach the
next big 500 thousand people watching us live here first
question like who wants Zé Maria and the map
i will tell you i decided sometimes it is alone there that she will even do
happening here look
oh no now come on calm down there we go that had to cut all
days would you say that your ministry that has been the target of several investigations
you are free without percent corruption or you have to fight in that story
right the peace the price of the land base And so I was wondering if you are the
ministry is always being eradicated, corruption I can tell you
that so far I can guarantee that corruption in the ministry does not exist but
as you said surveillance is important the governance criteria
are important we have the controllership-general of the Union that makes a
follow-up service and the people as president here placed and were
placed there we were free to choose people wanted to work
with us and what can I say to you that I am very satisfied
I trust them but everyone is imbued that we have to rescue the history of
Ministry of Mines and Energy and carry out the deliveries that we are making together
by the entire ministerial team of president bolsonaro Stay calm
we are vigilant and we will continue to deliver to the Brazilian society Zé
Maria look at Petrobras is correct Hi Camila We went up a few months later
look that the day I found out there is a Petrobras contract with a
Formula 1 team 750 million reais for five years
you are feeling Zé Maria the size of the blow 750 million for five years
Advertising contract the two drivers of that and right car and Formula 1 has to
have the flag of Brazil in the helmet 1
a 778 I got in touch with Petrobras look, see if you didn't even know it
then find the coffee job the answer the first regulated until the
work has no termination clause have to honor the commitment for five years
then I told him with all respect with PH is with ph solves this train there
is [ __ ] goes to court asks for help the Petrobras brake little this
week later solved it but look at the size I will not say that it has as
they are not ok i don't have proof here it's weird is i'm here with the bizu
in front of me hahaha she will have class now for you Marcelo sold the wind o
Bento is rich you are poor I will hit the poor now not to mention that
I am I Letícia just put it upset ta in the transition of our government Zé Maria
broadcasting consulting a consulting party in
in a previous minute there from us, you know, understood consulted asked for a job
with the consulting firm if a city in France right You could have a house there
to divulge the name of Brazil the office was worth Marcelo
my answer was the front page not Zé Maria pays
consultancy five million reais and this is the government has some idiots there
speaking here he has the carwashing street p **** i'm saying what happens p **** is
that's the truth and another one you will polish the employee the boy who made
that and it was cool p **** five million the party of consultants
Oh and so you will find Damares here in front of Mari H already saw speech
for people from Mara FUNAI airplane hangars with you and Uncle Zé prepares
Maria keep FUNAI planes charging annual rent more than black does
million that was on the floor even more put already ok I can run with the
million 1
in Itaporanga one million one gives a million rent a year to keep the ship
on the plane and then I was going to see what device I didn’t really like to serve
real people are saying it was like the Yellow Plus power, people don't appreciate it
that's what we do as the president talking about Petrobras
Petrobras before Petrobras beats Record indebtedness and now President
in the last two years I broke the record for producing my photo on Facebook, right
bolsonaro you are never corrupt again *** who gave birth to a
and you can’t **** you **** **** you **** c *** all the time don’t know what’s happening
And if I were to come back, forgiveness is here for Lago, he's taking a video
weak root here gives a Tubaína right that Pedro will pay later in the city to
people here the reasoning a little to see what happens and I took a country
destroyed ethical and economic morals will be destroying you have a popcorn from
gym ahead I didn't take anybody's job it just charges me here
the job collection is the one who told me to stay at home and you stayed
believed in was lost his job is in the banana now he's dying a lot more
people of suicide for obesity decoration of the price of there did not speak there
back right I'm just here a lot of the press and also a lot of Internet users right
look at it despised we reach 10,000 dead do not speak anything at all our
Flamento is dying a lot more people now from other causes than from viruses
Hi and the video is something here I'm watching Brasilia Brasilia shop let's go there
right and I see autism authority can go
all the time, right, but complementing all developed people, it is a
thing there almost inevitable in the regret we regret we have to be careful yes always
has a certain age I 65 years old in the group of that but it was among the people of
to see beatings is a sound Commander nation I have to set an example for my face and
stay indoors gave everything for free I don’t like anything I’m free there for
Dawn was there I went to eat the people went to see the people of Ceilandia
Taguatinga is I entered the house of humble people a woman that the new
Independents crying there in the month of April beating themselves all the time
now what happens i was talking about we have two problems in front of the virus in
job we have to treat them both simultaneously with the same responsibility
I didn't invent that akina and the cfw american warning started to
research I talked to Ernesto the meniscus is also very criticized
far-right guy was happy with the engine, Marighella was already there
I was there visiting foreign relations, right? So I consulted
Ernesto because the people in Sub-Saharan Africa are not dying anybody who
that it is natural to die more people then poorer malaria malaria Thanks
I'm using chloroquine, it was used for two things, first take it there and without
wanting for a virus that I didn’t know but little by little I saw that at an early stage
was right Claudina and I want to see asking here with the problem I had with the
minister who was the poster boy the Globo marketer, you know, the minizoo maneta
I called one of these so I’m not a doctor but don’t expect from the Republic
I'm going to play well but Guetta in the protocol is saying that there is no protocol
you can only use it So platinum at home the bass at home the bass no
it works And there is no zero strip
pregnant there and you one-handed have to let a doctor decide who decides in the end
of the accounts is the doctor the admiral equals the war of the pacific the
American soldier arrive at the wounded without blood had no more donors
resolving that do what put coconut water in the life of the guy and it worked
Imagine if I had to wait for scientific proof how many hundreds
perhaps thousands of soldiers had not died at that time and here the
great doctors a part a part of doctor started using colorful started to
to make sure that I’m loving took the other one was good there Dori Alberto Dória
how should he whip had a little video was cured of asking for
he took what he was a converter he took here in the question my doctor will
ask sh * t onion who ate the deal any start to go right was
increased obligation to try to show speak You can take this one and then
the prescription appeared here man and the medical prescription appeared
here at the door and in some governing states
verbally Mayor is banned Platinum which was simply politicized the
hydroxychloroquine, which was the medicine from bolsonaro, right? I even gave it to us to go
there in Alvorada that medicine to do saying there is offered that is running
Okay, there's a problem, not now. We have to try the worst object, Sil o
ship left here If you think that throwing all the oil in the sea we will see player will
have risky operation, you will do it, you will open it here
doing here is the same thing and hydroxychloroquine does not cause arrhythmia
who just said that there was the European Society of Cardiology
I was the one who 2016 of the funerary TV, you warned me that there was no side effect
nor did it cause us socks in 2000 and in 2020 they changed them and now society
European Cardiology says it doesn't cause we see lost when back there
I told Paulo Guedes BTG do not call PG PG I post Ipiranga you can
take taxes there David also on the land And because it is present Look because it helps to
fight the race Love let's take it off now we got it right logically right I talked
with tetra life and we took taxes was nominated without proof President
bolsonaro send tax green vitamin now it is proven that the
vitamin D helps fight baldness is soft and has Governor and Mayor who
banned the beach people that the vitamin in disgrace is on the beach taking
alone look just write everything wrong it's all in the name of good save your life
I will stay at home is not for you not to catch the warning is for over time
people when they get contaminated for a longer period not having a child and hospitals
Oi and Henrique Henrique Nossa Henrique doesn't like the poster boy minister
Globo marketer, we send her to talk because she stays at home when she has
photo we keep running away ok go to the hospital
and from there the purchase of respirators precipitated the price it had in the
coincidence market right coincidence right another question there
and even in matters by the company beat my will there saw Sobral
that's it since november last year sofa stopped in the Chamber the process of
privatization of Eletrobras including a few days the Minister of Economy Paulo
Guedes of a statement saying that Mayor Rodrigo Maia
works against privatizations that would be holding back privatizations in
Camera then discs
And then I destroy Guedes and Rodrigo Maia
mayor wanted to know if the Lord is facing this
possible to expect that now with that
And then it is better to sleep National Congress
finally is unlocking the creation of Eletrobras and 4 Parts
the present thank you very much for the question i took this bill in hand at
November 5th of last year and I gave it to President Rodrigo Maia
president of the Chamber of Deputies Since that time we have been working together
with the National Congress President I usually say that the National Congress
its knows much better than all of us has its own dynamics we approve
several bills now in this very important period not only for the
electricity sector but also for the oil and gas sector and will continue to be
so the privatization or capitalization of Eletrobras which is better is fundamental to
Eletrobras like other state-owned companies have lost their ability to
investment So instead of continuing to provide service to society is increasingly
instead providing the same services to society and that is what
the Oscar is that Eletrobras will again be sure of the importance that it had
for the country in the last 60 years and that’s what we’re building with the
National Congress the dialogue never ended we continue to work and
when Congress judges that it is time to appreciate the bill We
we believe that it will already be ripe to be approved is
the power your independence love nor if you would like it to be more serious right
faster but within a congress the camera there has the most varied multiples
and interesting you were your word was three years 55 years old is almost a
deputy at risk here I know that interests are very certain parties are
for favorable hiring are contrary many times have gone away
politician who wants state-owned companies there to put others inside to do
[ __ ] right another one even to do a good thing Okay but it's a huge interest
inside the congress sell in the comments and a lot of people asking for back
to classes What depends on me back to school today better I hadn’t even interrupted
to the lessons ago, that's right, but whoever determined the coercive measures there
governors and mayors and after a decision by the federal supreme court and
suddenly a desire turning that more than depending on me I already talked to
the patron has already talked to the minister of education a thousand also goes back to school in
Raposo I like to depend on me as already a decision that was the
Ministry of Health a few weeks ago The fans' return at the stadiums in
first thirty percent is 12 fans Okay, just this video
it never goes away for sure the guy is wrapped up today he is going to get out of here
two years ago there will be a guy there I find a guy who has to be with
virus and it will catch it ok now who knows until then until the vaccine right the vaccine
proven to be reliable from there
closed with up because people aside 40 years of construction noise is 0.01
something right and that's how these people have a community
Hi son I already asked who the last Fiúza
And then hello below the video
So what about five million reais
return Petrobras takes the deviations happened to leave in the so-called scandal of the
oil and a recent Petrobras operation on the supply board
showed that this scheme for example had passed the end of the government of the
PT how are you seeing this process of decorating the company at all
Petrobras specifically and in the pressure area where the project was created
specifically for deviations how has the Lord seen the sanitation of this
okay area just satisfied with the aging conditions Thank you
I can tell you Fiúza that I am satisfied is that the current administration
Petrobras and this operation that had in the Federal Police of the jet lava in the
Petrobras this week of the board the cement is not on Face about any
Petrobras employee who is exercising any activity at the time
are from employees who worked at Petrobras and there I don’t know how much more
5 years So these operations continue Petrobras continues to provide the service
now when i say i am satisfied with the administration of
Petrobras is as I already commented here President Petrobras broke the record
of oil exports broke the pre-salt production record in the
pre-salt that we held auction last year and Petrobras is hitting
records in the largest offshore field That is to say in the world sea which is the boot field a
Petrobras has recently hit but almost 900 thousand barrels of oil production
oil per day so President I think we can say that we
we are satisfied with Petrobras and that is what is important the next day
that I don't know is very good Federal right the possibility the
Cássio over there the next day the Supreme Court decided if I'm not mistaken for 6 to 4 months
to 44 that Petrobras refineries could be sold on a wheel of
This conversation makes it easier and selling this sale lowers the price correctly
President, there is no way to have new companies on the market and that is what
and this is a decision by Cade, which is the one that that TV council
just how the market is operating and this and this council decided that the
Petrobras should make investments to sell part of its
refineries and this is going to happen now and we are going to have new companies new companies
will appear not only on top of our noses not being sold but like others I on
next monday i will receive entrepreneurs who are interested in
build new refineries in Brazil because of what is happening
presentão the expectation is this is one thing we are here in Breves Ilha
from Marajó to the northern region We are reaching the end for you who are in the
my channel there before turning off right Bota Jovem Pan drop us at a
watch the os, finally, he, from the people of the young bread who had to talk
about our Live who knows any criticism is welcome Okay or even a
same new information to everyone and special there the thread uses Victor brawn Zé
Maria a hug for you and Ana Paula Until next Thursday if God wants
a hug there guys thank you good night So